---
layout: post
title:  "Setup"
date:   2014-03-22 0:04:28
categories: journal
---


I spend a lot of time at my computer and people like me also spend a lot of time at their computers. So I've been thinking a lot about my setup and how I work.

The most important part of your setup is not your computer, it's your monitor(s). Think about it, your computer is useless without some screen. And so a good screen is more than worth it. I use a 27" AOC monitor hooked up to my laptop that provides me with maximum screen real estate. It's big, it's clear, it's colorful, and I wish I had two (three?) of them.

Trailing in second is my Lenovo ideapad u530. It's running a dual-core i7, that is surprisingly powerful. I've had this thing for more than a few months now, and like spending time with all things, you start to notice it's flaws. One. It only has one hdmi port (this isn't really a flaw of this laptop, just the nature of laptops in general). Two. The screen's not IPS, it's a good screen but not a great screen.

I've always been skeptical of the usefullness of expensive keyboards. But after spending hours typing for months, I'm convinced a good keyboard is a must. Over in this corner of the woods we're rocking the Microsoft Sculpt keyboard that makes typing a lot less straining.

Which brings me to the Microsoft Arc Touch mouse. Besides a few quirks where scrolling is funning, this is the best mouse I've ever used. It's light weight on my crammed desk and it's portability means it's staying with for awhile.

I use a Dell Venue Pro 8 as my tablet and a regular laptop bag to carry things around in as well as Bose QC15 acoustic noise cancelling headphones as my ear pleasurers.

I'm tired of writing. Out.